FIX `convert-qecl-to-qecp` qjit lowering (#2837)
PennyLaneAI/catalyst: doc/releases/changelog-dev.md

  folder being created and the files printed outside in the main directory.
  [(#2807)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/catalyst/pull/2807)

* Resolved a bug in the `qeccycle` subroutine within the `convert_qecl_to_qecp_pass` where the `SSA` values
  of `scf.YieldOp` were incorrectly returned instead of `scf.ForOp` results.

>   [(#2837)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/catalyst/pull/2837)

Reviewer: I'd leave this in "Internal changes", personally. This is likely not a bug that a user would have encountered.

  [(#2780)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/catalyst/pull/2780)
  [(#2772)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/catalyst/pull/2772)

* Resolved a bug in the `qeccycle` subroutine within the `convert_qecl_to_qecp_pass` where the `SSA` values

>   of `scf.YieldOp` were incorrectly returned instead of `scf.ForOp` results. Ensure the pass access QEC information with its name in `str` to ensure the compatibility with the compiler infrastructure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Resolved a bug in the QEC-cycle subroutine within the `convert-qecl-to-qecp` pass where the SSA
  values of the `scf.yield` op were incorrectly returned instead of the `scf.for` op results. Also,
  the `qec_code` pass option is now given as a `str` rather than a `QecCode` object to ensure
  compatibility with Catalyst's compiler infrastructure.
```
